+++
title = "Video Co-summarization: Video Summariza- tion by Visual Co-occurrence"
date = 2015-06-01
draft = false

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Wen-Sheng Chu", "Yale Song", "Alejandro Jaimes"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference paper
# 2 = Journal article
# 3 = Manuscript
# 4 = Report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book section
publication_types = ["1"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In *IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition*"
publication_short = "In *CVPR*"

# Abstract and optional shortened version.
abstract = "We present *video co-summarization*, a novel perspective to video summarization that exploits visual co-occurrence across multiple videos. We propose to summarize a video by finding shots that co-occur most frequently across videos collected using a topic keyword. The main technical challenge is dealing with the sparsity of co-occurring patterns, out of hundreds to possibly thousands of irrelevant shots in videos being considered. To deal with this challenge, we developed a Maximal Biclique Finding (MBF) algorithm that is optimized to find sparsely co-occurring patterns, discarding less co-occurring patterns even if they are dominant in one video. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on motion capture and self-compiled YouTube datasets. Our results suggest that summaries generated by visual co-occurrence tend to match more closely with human generated summaries."
abstract_short = ""

# Featured image thumbnail (optional)
image_preview = ""

# Is this a selected publication? (true/false)
selected = false

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter the filename (excluding '.md') of your project file in `content/project/`.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references `content/project/deep-learning.md`.
projects = []

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Links (optional).
url_pdf = "https://www.cv-foundation.org/openaccess/content_cvpr_2015/papers/Chu_Video_Co-Summarization_Video_2015_CVPR_paper.pdf"
url_preprint = ""
url_code = ""
url_dataset = "https://github.com/l2ior/cosum"
url_project = ""
url_slides = "slides/cosum.pdf"
url_video = ""
url_poster = "pdf/cvpr15_cosum_poster_low.pdf"
url_source = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# url_custom = [{name = "Custom Link", url = "http://example.org"}]

# Does this page contain LaTeX math? (true/false)
math = false

# Does this page require source code highlighting? (true/false)
highlight = true

# Featured image
# Place your image in the `static/img/` folder and reference its filename below, e.g. `image = "example.jpg"`.
[header]
image = ""
caption = ""

+++

